sports sport
elections election
computers computer
prices price
drugs drug
patents patent
cars car
pitchers pitcher
terrorists terrorist
companies company
women woman
stocks stock
telecommunications telecommunication
trends trend
networks network
banks bank
jobs job
bombs bomb
options option
sales sale
yankees yankee
markets market
games game
profits profit
palestinians palestinian
movies movie
explosives explosive
players player
motorcycles motorcycle
viruses virus
taxes tax
weapons weapon
tournaments tournament
singles single
injuries injury
investors investor
airlines airline
consumers consumer
earthquakes earthquake
clubs club
phones phone
losses loss
contracts contract
hurricanes hurricane
children child
corporations corporation
mergers merger
doubles double
seeds seed
goals goal
applications application
storms storm
athletes athlete
disasters disaster
astronauts astronaut
matches match
finances finance
securities security
playoffs playoff
drivers driver
ratings rating
animals animal
unions union
devices device
sanctions sanction
transfers transfer
automobiles automobile
dinosaurs dinosaur
refugees refugee
bats bat
results result
israelis israeli
attacks attack
derivatives derivative
rockets rocket
batteries battery
birds bird
strikes strike
dollars dollar
chips chip
acquisitions acquisition
shareholders shareholder
communications communication
holidays holiday
links link
products product
floods flood
aliens alien
wins win
amateurs amateur
events event
casualties casualty
sharks shark
servers server
savings saving
hospitals hospital
wages wage
lawyers lawyer
coaches coach
cardinals cardinal
tests test
tactics tactic
carriers carrier
tigers tiger
whales whale
cubs cub
pensions pension
republicans republican
films film
exports export
accidents accident
species specie
kids kid
wickets wicket
veterans veteran
pirates pirate
protests protest
rebounds rebound
horses horse
satellites satellite
muslims muslim
races race
airports airport
angels angel
shares share
guns gun
negotiations negotiation
vaccines vaccine
robots robot
details detail
teams team
stars star
lasers laser
insurgents insurgent
retailers retailer
giants giant
relationships relationship
blogs blog
tariffs tariff
vehicles vehicle
books book
changes change
rankings ranking
medals medal
competitions competition
cities city
trades trade
prospects prospect
costs cost
democrats democrat
families family
prisons prison
candidates candidate
bonds bond
fans fan
rangers ranger
missiles missile
vampires vampire
numbers number
minerals mineral
employees employee
americans american
hostages hostage
millions million
standards standard
incentives incentive
graphics graphic
explosions explosion
darts dart
jews jew
celebrities celebrity
zombies zombie
stores store
rules rule
cowboys cowboy
investments investment
hotels hotel
woods wood
rebels rebel
tanks tank
futures future
polls poll
cats cat
toys toy
systems system
managers manager
humans human
bugs bug
technologies technology
worms worm
funds fund
galaxies galaxy
volcanoes volcano
scientists scientist
dolphins dolphin
twins twin
schools school
indians indian
professionals professional
billions billion
boxers boxer
consoles console
processors processor
russians russian
apples apple
lions lion
philippines philippine
asteroids asteroid
dragons dragon
lawsuits lawsuit
expectations expectation
fingerprints fingerprint
libraries library
executions execution
genes gene
comets comet
steals steal
fireworks firework
cameras camera
casinos casino
ghosts ghost
loans loan
awards award
bears bear
dodgers dodger
saints saint
bicycles bicycle
mines mine
databases database
swimmers swimmer
spies spy
revenues revenue
dogs dog
pills pill
borders border
pilots pilot
royalties royalty
facts fact
risks risk
fisheries fishery
cuts cut
commercials commercial
elephants elephant
regulators regulator
fossils fossil
websites website
jets jet
indices index
rates rate
museums museum
machines machine
fuels fuel
planets planet
civilians civilian
photos photo
bombings bombing
visas visa
patriots patriot
survivors survivor
hormones hormone
cigarettes cigarette
plants plant
notes note
strikers striker
talks talk
majors major
homes home
seniors senior
politicians politician
imports import
restaurants restaurant
threats threat
switches switch
riots riot
eagles eagle
prisoners prisoner
journalists journalist
exploits exploit
shoes shoe
wizards wizard
insects insect
champions champion
glaciers glacier
canadians canadian
emails email
arms arm
monsters monster
pistons piston
submarines submarine
brands brand
distributions distribution
philips philip
bankers banker
voters voter
redskins redskin
wars war
immigrants immigrant
finals final
commodities commodity
diamonds diamond
resources resource
packers packer
mammals mammal
medications medication
alternatives alternative
foreigners foreigner
names name
concerts concert
surprises surprise
images image
deals deal
girls girl
vikings viking
donations donation
gates gate
benefits benefit
railways railway
developers developer
astronomers astronomer
firearms firearm
pets pet
campaigns campaign
penalties penalty
trees tree
defenses defense
bonuses bonus
manufacturers manufacturer
dreams dream
touchdowns touchdown
masters master
updates update
snakes snake
weddings wedding
metals metal
raiders raider
oceans ocean
blacks black
passengers passenger
clouds cloud
stadiums stadium
presidents president
claims claim
militants militant
solutions solution
subsidies subsidy
forests forest
mavericks maverick
helicopters helicopter
optics optic
tools tool
reactors reactor
telescopes telescope
winners winner
workers worker
utilities utility
damages damage
spiders spider
euros euro
apartments apartment
soldiers soldier
moons moon
babies baby
arabs arab
marlins marlin
frances france
trials trial
countries country
wolves wolf
rumors rumor
miners miner
factories factory
crashes crash
turks turk
nets net
braves brave
airplanes airplane
engines engine
creditors creditor
malls mall
songs song
mistakes mistake
advertisements advertisement
brewers brewer
mosques mosque
houses house
trucks truck
bikes bike
gangs gang
murders murder
protesters protester
supermarkets supermarket
wines wine
quotes quote
parties party
mountains mountain
colts colt
mice mouse
pictures picture
albums album
competitors competitor
penguins penguin
marines marine
juniors junior
musicians musician
beers beer
fires fire
lies lie
foods food
photographs photograph
eruptions eruption
boats boat
emissions emission
sources source
aesthetics aesthetic
photographers photographer
butterflies butterfly
bees bee
drones drone
newspapers newspaper
algorithms algorithm
passports passport
bills bill
executives executive
bids bid
neighborhoods neighborhood
chargers charger
reptiles reptile
artists artist
cyclists cyclist
colleges college
flights flight
ships ship
cops cop
hybrids hybrid
videos video
reforms reform
detainees detainee
buses bus
cards card
polymers polymer
cookies cooky
budgets budget
tackles tackle
textiles textile
referees referee
suspects suspect
tires tire
bribes bribe
settlements settlement
tips tip
hornets hornet
records record
firefighters firefighter
farmers farmer
ashes ash
projects project
models model
salaries salary
vineyards vineyard
bridges bridge
deaths death
assists assist
licenses license
orioles oriole
flaws flaw
heights height
employers employer
tourists tourist
royals royal
identities identity
figures figure
farms farm
receivers receiver
tickets ticket
studios studio
problems problem
ideas idea
coins coin
searches search
mariners mariner
doctors doctor
teenagers teenager
partnerships partnership
bands band
atrocities atrocity
universities university
miracles miracle
supporters supporter
clusters cluster
turtles turtle
colors color
broncos bronco
returns return
cancers cancer
cells cell
troops troop
radios radio
padres padre
cavaliers cavalier
chickens chicken
killings killing
charities charity
holes hole
reserves reserve
regulations regulation
owens owen
fares fare
panthers panther
knives knife
rivals rival
issues issue
kings king
rats rat
bengals bengal
languages language
gifts gift
errors error
australians australian
patches patch
delays delay
industries industry
apes ape
missions mission
donors donor
edwards edward
pubs pub
rallies rally
serbs serb
monkeys monkey
demonstrations demonstration
archives archive
attorneys attorney
catholics catholic
chromosomes chromosome
students student
rights right
stakes stake
resorts resort
interceptions interception
minorities minority
fatalities fatality
targets target
captives captive
parks park
businesses business
flies fly
courses course
contractors contractor
maps map
fees fee
footballers footballer
charges charge
caves cave
cases case
brakes brake
ants ant
payments payment
churches church
supplies supply
offices office
charts chart
openings opening
economists economist
volunteers volunteer
debates debate
skaters skater
mercenaries mercenary
antennas antenna
points point
cartoons cartoon
breasts breast
freshmen freshman
bulls bull
cemeteries cemetery
secrets secret
prizes prize
minors minor
publishers publisher
tyres tyre
words word
hits hit
opportunities opportunity
predators predator
judges judge
organizations organization
wrestlers wrestler
riders rider
crops crop
feathers feather
disabilities disability
reservations reservation
hearts heart
directors director
hurdles hurdle
fishes fish
https http
ravens raven
speeds speed
parasites parasite
buildings building
printers printer
stamps stamp
bishops bishop
gunners gunner
condoms condom
careers career
roads road
rocks rock
gunmen gunman
accountants accountant
rings ring
shops shop
weaknesses weakness
migrants migrant
curses curse
icons icon
nazis nazi
launches launch
authors author
emotions emotion
skulls skull
boots boot
transactions transaction
conservatives conservative
drinks drink
grapes grape
sikhs sikh
expenses expense
experiments experiment
chiefs chief
shells shell
africans african
temperatures temperature
sensors sensor
vendors vendor
albanians albanian
beaches beach
waves wave
concessions concession
recipes recipe
croats croat
debts debt
browns brown
possibilities possibility
destinations destination
rodents rodent
jaguars jaguar
groups group
watches watch
standings standing
sneakers sneaker
taxpayers taxpayer
wetlands wetland
wings wing
gases gas
eyes eye
services service
fights fight
rovers rover
archaeologists archaeologist
nominations nomination
spirits spirit
pigeons pigeon
torpedoes torpedo
entrepreneurs entrepreneur
files file
pixels pixel
appropriations appropriation
fighters fighter
towers tower
exchanges exchange
arrests arrest
conferences conference
customers customer
pairs pair
atoms atom
flowers flower
collaborations collaboration
complications complication
domains domain
inventions invention
fears fear
corpses corps
reviews review
fruits fruit
runners runner
trains train
railroads railroad
materials material
sponsors sponsor
highways highway
blades blade
ports port
boys boy
christians christian
islands island
italians italian
fishermen fisherman
glasses glass
alliances alliance
ministers minister
symptoms symptom
nightmares nightmare
couples couple
warriors warrior
cracks crack
friends friend
checks check
arrays array
abuses abuse
assets asset
emirates emirate
prosecutors prosecutor
cages cage
orbits orbit
eggs egg
cows cow
flavors flavor
controversies controversy
divers diver
skins skin
planes plane
trusts trust
foxes fox
crystals crystal
memories memory
conditions condition
lenses lens
allegations allegation
ferries ferry
showers shower
narcotics narcotic
tours tour
teens teen
lights light
victims victim
priorities priority
pigs pig
antiques antique
portals portal
bandits bandit
estimates estimate
interviews interview
suns sun
choices choice
brains brain
mechanics mechanic
tunnels tunnel
sandwiches sandwich
thieves thief
palms palm
crises crisis
rivers river
partners partner
heroes hero
uniforms uniform
owls owl
specifications specification
guitars guitar
sanders sander
citations citation
guerrillas guerrilla
actors actor
accounts account
grenades grenade
constituencies constituency
helmets helmet
dolls doll
texans texan
transformers transformer
labels label
burns burn
genres genre
topics topic
exhibitions exhibition
werewolves werewolf
roses rose
scholarships scholarship
munitions munition
medicines medicine
balloons balloon
strategies strategy
crowds crowd
reefs reef
liberals liberal
blues blue
scandals scandal
quarterfinals quarterfinal
bets bet
chefs chef
defects defect
gaps gap
ties tie
failures failure
tractors tractor
smells smell
things thing
motors motor
orders order
keys key
arts art
schedules schedule
recalls recall
antibodies antibody
preferences preference
collectors collector
wheels wheel
challenges challenge
colours colour
operations operation
releases release
tides tide
sequels sequel
discs disc
analysts analyst
ages age
sacks sack
beats beat
spartans spartan
sunglasses sunglass
alumni alumnus
tribes tribe
indicators indicator
faults fault
poles pole
antiquities antiquity
platforms platform
chances chance
beetles beetle
routes route
peanuts peanut
flames flame
symbols symbol
festivals festival
falcons falcon
clocks clock
relations relation
nationals national
channels channel
displays display
championships championship
scores score
innovations innovation
gardens garden
scholars scholar
monasteries monastery
ducks duck
administrators administrator
recruits recruit
infections infection
skeletons skeleton
requirements requirement
bucks buck
wasps wasp
improvements improvement
neurons neuron
drives drive
taxis taxi
weeds weed
witches witch
programs program
strokes stroke
valves valve
killers killer
communists communist
cheers cheer
documents document
turbines turbine
sails sail
militias militia
shelters shelter
mothers mother
leaders leader
ellis elli
margins margin
stereotypes stereotype
jaws jaw
ecosystems ecosystem
bells bell
shooters shooter
nurses nurse
vectors vector
rapids rapid
journals journal
credits credit
incidents incident
spikes spike
artifacts artifact
locations location
mills mill
meetings meeting
appearances appearance
picks pick
vans van
greeks greek
upgrades upgrade
morales morale
stunts stunt
buyers buyer
clones clone
engineers engineer
losers loser
musicals musical
falls fall
potatoes potato
sabres sabre
diplomats diplomat
activists activist
paintings painting
pedestrians pedestrian
avengers avenger
marriages marriage
looks look
walks walk
costumes costume
mutations mutation
buccaneers buccaneer
supplements supplement
extensions extension
agents agent
trainers trainer
frogs frog
saves save
ruins ruin
pitches pitch
ears ear
fences fence
styles style
reporters reporter
tattoos tattoo
values value
governors governor
dunes dune
mongols mongol
tears tear
cruises cruise
classes class
plans plan
traders trader
comments comment
limits limit
codes code
coyotes coyote
practices practice
tomatoes tomato
parts part
origins origin
aims aim
faces face
toilets toilet
orphans orphan
interfaces interface
properties property
fries fry
nominees nominee
camps camp
muscles muscle
substitutes substitute
irregularities irregularity
states state
sounds sound
religions religion
legs leg
connections connection
filters filter
starters starter
castles castle
holdings holding
seats seat
bodies body
predictions prediction
crimes crime
stations station
socks sock
pistols pistol
dynamics dynamic
collisions collision
enterprises enterprise
tapes tape
puzzles puzzle
particles particle
armenians armenian
keyboards keyboard
electrons electron
tumors tumor
dates date
signatures signature
spaces space
catches catch
inmates inmate
dealers dealer
princes prince
mushrooms mushroom
splits split
warships warship
graves graf
messages message
individuals individual
divisions division
locks lock
substances substance
groceries grocery
wildcats wildcat
suburbs suburb
miles mile
transitions transition
treatments treatment
idols idol
squirrels squirrel
fleets fleet
bones bone
cyclones cyclone
tracks track
deposits deposit
honours honour
disks disk
myths myth
racers racer
females female
shipments shipment
units unit
architects architect
moves move
labs lab
attractions attraction
monks monk
headlines headline
editors editor
gems gem
novels novel
surveys survey
firms firm
proteins protein
laboratories laboratory
frequencies frequency
operas opera
accessories accessory
prostitutes prostitute
corrections correction
battles battle
mathematicians mathematician
criminals criminal
hazards hazard
grades grade
climbs climb
monarchs monarch
gibbons gibbon
koreans korean
masks mask
attackers attacker
jewels jewel
fixtures fixture
users user
staples staple
districts district
trolls troll
exhibits exhibit
owners owner
boundaries boundary
dungeons dungeon
molecules molecule
suits suit
cranes crane
hunters hunter
travels travel
writers writer
scouts scout
votes vote
references reference
sparks spark
plays play
monitors monitor
bathrooms bathroom
exams exam
recommendations recommendation
teachers teacher
differences difference
campuses campus
noses nose
jumps jump
demons demon
bruins bruin
infants infant
mysteries mystery
patients patient
warnings warning
rewards reward
examples example
shadows shadow
elevators elevator
celebrations celebration
heels heel
adams adam
appliances appliance
rescues rescue
nerves nerve
kicks kick
questions question
tombs tomb
grasses grass
travelers traveler
hats hat
pilgrims pilgrim
flags flag
footprints footprint
crows crow
averages average
vocals vocal
formats format
screens screen
mayors mayor
invertebrates invertebrate
developments development
sevens seven
waivers waiver
places place
deserts desert
cores core
explorers explorer
barges barge
feet foot
governments government
clans clan
letters letter
roberts robert
terms term
galleries gallery
historians historian
germans german
barriers barrier
calls call
ngos ngo
frontiers frontier
speakers speaker
appeals appeal
complaints complaint
categories category
witnesses witness
relics relic
lizards lizard
techniques technique
counties county
clients client
answers answer
fluids fluid
mirrors mirror
appointments appointment
economies economy
tags tag
recounts recount
villages village
centuries century
ions ion
receptions reception
customs custom
crusaders crusader
translations translation
austrians austrian
theatres theatre
surgeons surgeon
jerseys jersey
exercises exercise
snacks snack
pass pas
communities community
tubes tube
franchises franchise
posts post
promises promise
slaves slave
males male
listings listing
lyrics lyric
locomotives locomotive
agreements agreement
lamps lamp
innings inning
diseases disease
forwards forward
lakes lake
rays ray
ribs rib
degrees degree
legends legend
clinics clinic
bulldogs bulldog
pumps pump
cultures culture
simulations simulation
bubbles bubble
researchers researcher
packages package
capitals capital
hunts hunt
shortages shortage
synthesizers synthesizer
humanities humanity
filmmakers filmmaker
villains villain
addresses address
drums drum
venues venue
impacts impact
lungs lung
knights knight
gods god
repairs repair
populations population
objects object
outsiders outsider
achievements achievement
works work
policies policy
expenditures expenditure
rabbits rabbit
himalayas himalaya
leads lead
regrets regret
instruments instrument
containers container
cycles cycle
messengers messenger
enzymes enzyme
hungarians hungarian
breeders breeder
controls control
pops pop
heats heat
nuts nut
juveniles juvenile
duets duet
seals seal
skills skill
internationals international
tits tit
fools fool
hounds hound
examinations examination
bananas banana
revolutions revolution
trophies trophy
walls wall
comedies comedy
circuits circuit
spears spear
fins fin
coasts coast
dioceses diocese
conflicts conflict
relatives relative
tricks trick
blasts blast
professors professor
memorials memorial
organisations organisation
investigations investigation
cougars cougar
necks neck
winds wind
elements element
floats float
portraits portrait
cables cable
moths moth
rents rent
collections collection
crabs crab
proposals proposal
designers designer
breeds breed
articles article
incomes income
raids raid
fines fine
producers producer
grains grain
egyptians egyptian
michaels michael
features feature
beasts beast
ingredients ingredient
organisms organism
walkers walker
fathers father
sizes size
roots root
detectives detective
semifinals semifinal
brooks brook
nations nation
canals canal
downs down
physicians physician
programmers programmer
cinemas cinema
loyalists loyalist
psychologists psychologist
bullets bullet
days day
poems poem
pounds pound
rifles rifle
declines decline
peters peter
brothers brother
swans swan
rappers rapper
strings string
samples sample
americas america
feeds feed
beans bean
circles circle
burials burial
smiles smile
landmarks landmark
modules module
shows show
airways airway
spells spell
charms charm
dimensions dimension
wards ward
grandchildren grandchild
restraints restraint
cooks cook
visitors visitor
siblings sibling
contexts context
extras extra
snails snail
draws draw
mondays monday
voices voice
keepers keeper
configurations configuration
excuses excuse
powers power
dignitaries dignitary
expeditions expedition
extremes extreme
raises raise
flutes flute
processes process
apologies apology
europeans european
titles title
comparisons comparison
logs log
marks mark
auditions audition
fangs fang
lands land
landscapes landscape
demonstrators demonstrator
idiots idiot
balls ball
worlds world
whites white
cafes cafe
conventions convention
murderers murderer
cannons cannon
rumours rumour
roofs roof
diaries diary
actions action
monuments monument
exiles exile
cartridges cartridge
pools pool
independents independent
summers summer
temples temple
strengths strength
bases base
graphs graph
pins pin
talents talent
amendments amendment
singers singer
curves curve
hindus hindu
danes dane
stairs stair
varieties variety
mutants mutant
tablets tablet
waterfalls waterfall
merchants merchant
traps trap
crossroads crossroad
rounds round
passions passion
conversions conversion
tenants tenant
protocols protocol
replacements replacement
invitations invitation
invites invite
daniels daniel
matrices matrix
oldies oldie
soundtracks soundtrack
nuns nun
centers center
skirts skirt
experts expert
widows widow
excavations excavation
heads head
matthews matthew
panties panty
protestants protestant
queens queen
bars bar
locals local
simpsons simpson
preparations preparation
spins spin
agencies agency
immortals immortal
collapses collapse
petitions petition
congratulations congratulation
broadcasters broadcaster
caps cap
throws throw
capabilities capability
pipes pipe
limitations limitation
rails rail
jackets jacket
coats coat
fortunes fortune
performances performance
chambers chamber
definitions definition
motions motion
parallels parallel
pearls pearl
rides ride
rains rain
guidelines guideline
pits pit
quakers quaker
archers archer
inspections inspection
clicks click
tables table
methods method
jokes joke
advances advance
sermons sermon
theories theory
directions direction
controllers controller
concepts concept
courts court
comedians comedian
gills gill
baskets basket
piers pier
bags bag
hills hill
wives wife
presents present
manuscripts manuscript
ceramics ceramic
contributions contribution
outlaws outlaw
ropes rope
woodlands woodland
friars friar
laws law
receptors receptor
rabbis rabbi
cushions cushion
pillows pillow
hopes hope
admissions admission
trousers trouser
seasons season
trails trail
posters poster
riches rich
veins vein
radicals radical
deliveries delivery
lifts lift
barbarians barbarian
fabrics fabric
scenarios scenario
crying cry
foundations foundation
qualifications qualification
marches march
theaters theater
newcomers newcomer
commissioners commissioner
hands hand
sons son
qualifiers qualifier
defenders defender
springs spring
accommodations accommodation
households household
poets poet
waterways waterway
contacts contact
warehouses warehouse
parades parade
forces force
chicks chick
magazines magazine
dukes duke
captains captain
fluctuations fluctuation
facades facade
shoulders shoulder
structures structure
years year
covers cover
listeners listener
scans scan
defendants defendant
builds build
grandparents grandparent
miniatures miniature
armies army
cheekbones cheekbone
prints print
kitchens kitchen
sentiments sentiment
strangers stranger
sisters sister
births birth
environments environment
allies ally
blazers blazer
benches bench
recordings recording
positions position
elves elf
implementations implementation
commons common
territories territory
speeches speech
projections projection
specials special
citizens citizen
rises rise
streaks streak
peppers pepper
amplifiers amplifier
fields field
convictions conviction
vegetables vegetable
soils soil
scares scare
spreads spread
franks frank
sets set
bundles bundle
buys buy
credentials credential
provinces province
suppliers supplier
neighbourhoods neighbourhood
olds old
pupils pupil
senators senator
boards board
trams tram
pressures pressure
pens pen
transformations transformation
sinks sink
permits permit
breaks break
bosses boss
spots spot
champs champ
martyrs martyr
treasures treasure
sins sin
leases lease
statements statement
remarks remark
visions vision
runs run
violations violation
ballots ballot
punches punch
translators translator
morals moral
yards yard
scratches scratch
versions version
sites site
ancestors ancestor
angles angle
dresses dress
publications publication
arguments argument
maneuvers maneuver
seizures seizure
sides side
voyages voyage
signs sign
gloves glove
sidewalks sidewalk
bolsheviks bolshevik
devils devil
gigs gig
servicemen serviceman
swings swing
advisors advisor
advisers adviser
equations equation
sandals sandal
toes toe
readers reader
frames frame
stables stable
classics classic
designs design
regions region
promotions promotion
capacities capacity
doubts doubt
tens ten
emergencies emergency
sundays sunday
accents accent
liquids liquid
adults adult
quarries quarry
escapes escape
earrings earring
municipalities municipality
soviets soviet
advantages advantage
daughters daughter
gears gear
chains chain
salts salt
branches branch
weekends weekend
ranks rank
factions faction
blessings blessing
slides slide
vertebrae vertebra
classmates classmate
hosts host
components component
prayers prayer
discoveries discovery
feelings feeling
promoters promoter
dialogues dialogue
fibers fiber
murals mural
finalists finalist
plaintiffs plaintiff
inspectors inspector
noodles noodle
vents vent
crafts craft
wears wear
months month
causes cause
reasons reason
repeats repeat
taps tap
decades decade
screams scream
texts text
laughs laugh
arrivals arrival
trips trip
intellectuals intellectual
twists twist
drops drop
walters walter
hearings hearing
scents scent
minds mind
subscribers subscriber
andrews andrew
classrooms classroom
traditions tradition
reservoirs reservoir
thorns thorn
banners banner
fairies fairy
concerns concern
gains gain
horrors horror
peers peer
stitches stitch
suites suite
fridays friday
hugs hug
pioneers pioneer
hips hip
measurements measurement
bombers bomber
vines vine
actresses actress
trumpets trumpet
cheeks cheek
profiles profile
leaves leaf
vamps vamp
treaties treaty
chronicles chronicle
swords sword
shocks shock
drawings drawing
intersections intersection
fantasies fantasy
regiments regiment
guys guy
perspectives perspective
views view
guitarists guitarist
nostrils nostril
levels level
highs high
priests priest
liberties liberty
fountains fountain
snaps snap
weeks week
friendships friendship
fractures fracture
initials initial
biographies biography
scots scot
nails nail
flyers flyer
highlands highland
instincts instinct
tunes tune
similarities similarity
belts belt
jays jay
escorts escort
integers integer
bytes byte
flows flow
justices justice
heirs heir
adolescents adolescent
certificates certificate
vaults vault
boxes box
victories victory
pants pant
shirts shirt
commitments commitment
pancakes pancake
hires hire
factors factor
craters crater
bowls bowl
generations generation
initiatives initiative
exceptions exception
discussions discussion
members member
robbers robber
obstacles obstacle
surfaces surface
paths path
guards guard
hours hour
activities activity
servants servant
providers provider
textbooks textbook
docks dock
fingers finger
painters painter
interests interest
geese goose
grants grant
offenses offense
prototypes prototype
pays pay
oaks oak
dynasties dynasty
procedures procedure
documentaries documentary
counts count
nouns noun
weights weight
battleships battleship
frigates frigate
assessments assessment
buttons button
aspects aspect
wires wire
fellows fellow
fellowships fellowship
enemies enemy
residents resident
suggestions suggestion
distances distance
revolutionaries revolutionary
installations installation
passes pass
bouts bout
formulas formula
goats goat
honors honor
stones stone
rooms room
stories story
types type
commanders commander
cakes cake
membranes membrane
adjustments adjustment
assassins assassin
performers performer
minutes minute
acts act
highlights highlight
officials official
dances dance
crosses cross
contestants contestant
dishes dish
clips clip
cousins cousin
applicants applicant
comics comic
handcuffs handcuff
guests guest
habits habit
behaviors behavior
supports support
finds find
outfits outfit
forms form
items item
creatures creature
operators operator
reports report
stages stage
pharmaceuticals pharmaceutical
jeans jean
episodes episode
stalls stall
cites cite
shields shield
thoughts thought
lanes lane
ventures venture
casts cast
clashes clash
disputes dispute
kisses kiss
trailers trailer
plots plot
steps step
alarms alarm
chemicals chemical
holds hold
functions function
dozens dozen
dangers danger
parents parent
bows bow
media medium
neighbours neighbour
vows vow
authorities authority
edges edge
festivities festivity
studies study
impressions impression
announcements announcement
dancers dancer
restrictions restriction
seas sea
tissues tissue
graduates graduate
slips slip
bumps bump
signals signal
ethics ethic
hundreds hundred
streams stream
worries worry
meals meal
kansas kansa
measures measure
audiences audience
bites bite
sands sand
knuckles knuckle
reactions reaction
headlights headlight
waters water
leaks leak
goods good
neighbors neighbor
horizons horizon
lovers lover
demos demo
crews crew
characters character
shades shade
nutrients nutrient
arias aria
insights insight
exits exit
mansions mansion
blocks block
ladies lady
effects effect
expressions expression
yields yield
tensions tension
creators creator
accusations accusation
offers offer
gallons gallon
consequences consequence
sucks suck
critics critic
lines line
kills kill
shifts shift
antibiotics antibiotic
roles role
briefs brief
guardians guardian
thousands thousand
screenings screening
stills still
barrels barrel
streets street
stops stop
stripes stripe
requests request
expresses express
clues clue
peaks peak
interiors interior
schemes scheme
converts convert
slopes slope
sciences science
sailors sailor
arrows arrow
manners manner
needs need
attitudes attitude
brackets bracket
sequences sequence
strikeouts strikeout
principles principle
zones zone
observations observation
parishes parish
spheres sphere
lists list
viewers viewer
reflections reflection
areas area
beads bead
wagons wagon
papers paper
congregations congregation
drains drain
ratios ratio
chapters chapter
bursts burst
modifications modification
knees knee
builders builder
volumes volume
ribbons ribbon
decks deck
panels panel
policemen policeman
narratives narrative
resolutions resolution
lips lip
statutes statute
ankles ankle
pulses pulse
outlets outlet
tones tone
shafts shaft
objectives objective
missionaries missionary
criteria criterion
shelves shelf
acids acid
runways runway
scales scale
disciples disciple
ceremonies ceremony
scars scar
mechanisms mechanism
generators generator
straps strap
denominations denomination
corners corner
deities deity
threads thread
altitudes altitude
physics physic
rushes rush
bearings bearing
themes theme
boilers boiler
calculations calculation
scripts script
bolts bolt
layers layer
cones cone
herbs herb
patterns pattern
energies energy
sacrifices sacrifice
academics academic
outcomes outcome
chairs chair
weekdays weekday
bits bit
transmissions transmission
renovations renovation
motifs motif
believers believer
contests contest
doors door
intentions intention
lesions lesion
candles candle
presses press
laborers laborer
leans lean
slots slot
doctrines doctrine
italics italic
meters meter
instructions instruction
rituals ritual
phenomena phenomenon
thighs thigh
beliefs belief
meanings meaning
terminals terminal
knots knot
invasions invasion
oils oil
philosophers philosopher
composers composer
gestures gesture
eyelids eyelid
nodes node
organs organ
traces trace
hostilities hostility
tornadoes tornado
turns turn
illustrations illustration
opinions opinion
loops loop
needles needle
paints paint
variants variant
verses verse
songwriters songwriter
spices spice
tongues tongue
cylinders cylinder
disorders disorder
souls soul
editions edition
horns horn
shots shot
dots dot
officers officer
coordinates coordinate
vertices vertex
strains strain
educators educator
societies society
wonders wonder
fingernails fingernail
wraps wrap
plantations plantation
atheists atheist
